You go through the wormhole ending up in 1939 during Germany's invasion of Poland. For the story you will end up in Poland within a town taken by the Nazi’s. You will have to escape before they decide to finish killing the rest of the prisoners.
You awake in a dark room with a roaring fire being the only source of light. The sound of water pouring outside. (your given two choices) 1(look around) 2(try and open the door) 
(1:1 Look Around) The room has two chairs and a large couch, the ceiling dripping water from the roof into a bucket, only one window too high to reach and a dresser. (next two choices) 1(take chair-and move to window) 2(check dresser)
(1:2 Open Door) You twist the doorknob with no results.
(2:1 Take Chair) You pick up the the chair and move it to the window making it reachable and finding out you are able to fit through” (unlocked choice)-break window and go through) 
(2:2 Check Dresser) the dresser has a steak knife inside. You crawl out of the window in the process you cut yourself on the glass. You land in an alleyway with trucks and yells all around you. After you exit you notice a large cloth sheet hung up in between the alley. After you exit(two choices) 1(move out of the ally) 2(rip cloth and bandage yourself) 
(3:1 Move out of Alley) If you try to move out of the alley before you bandage yourself you will pass out and be found by the Nazis. you begin to move to the end of the alley pushing through the sharp pain. As you make it to the end the light fades and you pass out. 
(3:2 Rip Cloth and Bandage) You reach up and grab the cloth. You rip it and make a makeshift bandage for your wound stopping the bleeding.“you move out of the alley and hide behind a large box. In the streets you notice a guard in front of you and a truck with women and children being held prisoner inside. (If you do not kill the guard he will see you and capture you)  (two choices) 1(kill guard) 2(move to truck) 
(4:1 Kill Guard) You take the steak knife and attack the guard. He grunts but has no fight in him after you pull him back to be unseen. You may now move to the truck unseen.
(4:2 Move to Truck) You make a run for the truck but the guard spots you and shoots you GAME OVER
(5:1 Truck Unseen) You make a move for the truck without anyone seeing you. You enter the truck and drive off with the prisoners to safety. After the prisoners thank you and a wormhole appears ending the game 