Scripts
In the past

On the most daring adventure yet from earth our hero named (input) sets off on a journey using the most advanced technology known to mankind in a 32 man mission. Our hero grabs his cup and watches through the window as his ship leaves earth rapidly behind to travel to the center of the Universe.

In the future

Through 30 years through a grueling journey to the center of the universe you are only 30 minutes away. You prepare for one last moment but suddenly the ship lurches and your colleague yells that the ship is out of control. The ship accelerates and you get slammed into the couch feeling your bones creek while your first mate is eerily silent. The ship accelerates again and it all goes black.

You wake up in near darkness with only the emergency life support system on. You try to look out of the glass but it is covered in metal clearly showing that it broke. You go to find your partner but all you can find is blood next to the window. Suddenly a light appears and the ship slowly fades away. Within complete darkness now blue letters appear.

Victorian 1900s Futuristic Elder Scrolls

You pick (input) and suddenly everything goes black.

Wormhole Transition to Dimension: While you go through the wormholes into other dimensions and places, you only fall out of your regular descent. After choosing your destination, you are granted with that location; Only you wake up in that place.

Victorian
Written By Carson Medsker

STORY: The monarch of this setting has recently enacted laws heavily affecting the lower class. Leading to famine and death. Many in the lower class have gone mad, they are plotting a massacre that will overthrow the monarchy in a brutal bloodbath during the king's annual speech. Your character can choose to help overthrow the monarchy or you can choose to speak to the king about the plans and spoil the rebellion. Or if you obtain the item hidden in the cellar you may assassinate the king yourself, once you solve the conflict you will be transported back to the central hub

(Input) emerges from the wormholes in a dark alley inhabited only by rats and a lone man asleep on a stoop. The user has two options, leave the alley or speak to the man (void talk or void moveTo). If you interact with the man he will provide you with basic information about the world you are in (time period,location,etc). He will also tell you a small amount of information on this world's story.

(UPDATE PLAYER’S CHOICES - what they can do at the current moment)

When you leave the alley (use command moveTo street) you emerge onto a street with only a few people around. You can tell the street was once a market as you notice several booths empty, only one is occupied by a shopkeeper. The shopkeeper has a few items you can take. (use command talk shopkeeper) The items are moldy bread, rotten fruit, key to the cellar (void use and void pickup). This leaves you with 2 choices, go left towards the only source of light emanating from what appears to be a tavern, or go right towards a grand staircase leading to the castle(moveTo).

(Left Decision) You approach the source of the light, it is a tavern with a sign hanging out front. The sign reads “The Kings Head” You have 3 options from this point, you can go back the way you came , you may enter the tavern or you can investigate the side alley(void move to), if you investigate the side alley you can enter the cellar to the tavern only if you have the key from the shopkeeper, inside the cellar you can find an important secret item (Guards Dagger) once you exit it again leaves you with the choice to go back or to enter the tavern , if you enter the tavern you can interact with sus man. The sus man happens to be the leader of the resistance, he will tell you the resistances plan and you can choose to assist him or leave

If you help the resistance you will be thrown in jail and your run will end

If you leave you can go and tell the king of the resistance which will solve the world conflict and teleport you back but you won't save the people from the tyrant, however if you collected the blade from the cellar you are given the option to slay the king in the meeting solving the conflict with the good ending and teleporting you back through the wormhole ending the Victorian chapter
